README.md, before:

## Storypoker

A Supabase based webapp for estimating story points via planning poker
To connect to supabase you need to set the following environment variables:
``` 
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL=<url of your supabase Project>
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=<supabase anon key>
SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY=<supabase service role key>
```

You also currently would need to setup the database table required manually:

```sql
create table
  public.tables (
    id bigint generated by default as identity,
    created timestamp with time zone null default now(),
    revealed boolean null default false,
    name text not null,
    updated timestamp with time zone null default now(),
    values
      text[] not null,
      image_index numeric not null default '0'::numeric,
      constraint table - status_pkey primary key (id),
      constraint tables_name_key unique (name),
      constraint tables_name_check check ((length(name) > 1))
  ) tablespace pg_default;
```

To run the development server:

```bash
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## Special Thanks

A big thank you to [DanielSWolf](https://github.com/DanielSWolf) for their fantastic contribution of the cat and dog poker images – they're absolutely amazing! Much appreciated!

Commit message:

Add supabase database TypeScript types

README.md, after:

## Storypoker

A Supabase based webapp for estimating story points via planning poker
To connect to supabase you need to set the following environment variables:
``` 
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL=<url of your supabase Project>
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=<supabase anon key>
SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY=<supabase service role key>
```

You also currently would need to setup the database table required manually:

```sql
create table
  public.tables (
    id bigint generated by default as identity,
    created timestamp with time zone null default now(),
    revealed boolean null default false,
    name text not null,
    updated timestamp with time zone null default now(),
    values
      text[] not null,
      image_index numeric not null default '0'::numeric,
      constraint table - status_pkey primary key (id),
      constraint tables_name_key unique (name),
      constraint tables_name_check check ((length(name) > 1))
  ) tablespace pg_default;
```

To run the development server:

```bash
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## Types

See https://supabase.com/docs/guides/api/rest/generating-types for how to generating/updating the TypeScript types from the Supabase db schema

## Special Thanks

A big thank you to [DanielSWolf](https://github.com/DanielSWolf) for their fantastic contribution of the cat and dog poker images – they're absolutely amazing! Much appreciated!
